hello how about youtube media how are you
the friends in your project
I bring you the review of the new
Minecraft version that just came out
a few days ago that is version 1.8
It brings many novelties so let's
see what is new that this
version first let's start here
through the doors as you can see already
we have different types of doors already
we do not have the same boring door of
we always start with this one that we have
the acacia door that's a new
door that is inserted these
doors are made with the different
types of wood that we have and here
we have the jungle gate is the
birch door that this is wood
What I like the most to me is a very
very thin clear we have the door of
fir and in the oak door he got
as you can see now so that we have
much more variety in doors and this
side we have new blocks we have the
red sandstone we have the red sandstone
engraved that it brings as a drawing
and smooth red sandstone and we can also
make steps of sandstone and slab
sandstone and this side has also been
added a new place that is a temple
marine and this marine temple inhabit
new creatures that we will see them more
go ahead and we also have more blocks
we have the marine priest block
bricks of priest marina marina gray
dark and lantern of the sea that these are going
to light in the background in the temples
so that it is not dark and also here
we have new new land
here we have granite we have granite
polished and now and polished right now
sandstone and jade appointment is not on appointment and
of if it is polished as you can see these
they are the new blocks
and I also know
this block that is of earth was added
this block thickens what it is going to do
that we are going to put it and it is not going to be
will not grow the grass just just
it will stay like this so we can put it in
places where we do not want grass
and what has been added has also been added
sponge these sponges what yes
receive to absorb the water by
example if we want to empty somewhere
for example here I'm going to put a sponge
and see how they suck the water look at everything
that pulls water
and once it absorbs the water it's going to
turn into wet sponge for later
we can extract that water and something that
He liked this version of the
1.8 is the inclusion of this portal
armor as you can see here we go
we can ride our mature and we put
the helmet and we put the breast
we put the diamond pants and
here the drops as you can see already
we have a place to accommodate our
armor which looks very good and
also new colors have been added
new types to the fences and doors like
can see here we have the fences of
fir we have berries of birch berries
jungle dark oak berries and berries
acacia
As you can see, we have a lot more
variety to make our fence for
that the animals do not leave and also
from this side we can see that we have
standard banners that have
got into this new version I guess that
are to do to distinguish from groups
or something like that for new games
also here we have already we have
iron hatches the list beyond
of wood and we can activate them with a
button as you can see
Here are the new developments in
how many blocks in this version and
they have also added new mods
Now I'm going to show you how you can
see here are
I'm going to get them out here on this side
and as you can see they have made some new
monsters mods for our mod for the
leander what are these weird things
they are called 2
Ender half that looks very weird
there are things left to anyone who came up with
we are not going to escape
where is it going
and they have also added these monsters
which are the ones that appear in the temple
Marine
these week guardians that are common
like a pufferfish like an eye that makes a
medium rare
in very rare
also like they do not go very well with the
fire but well there they are
coming out here from the fish tank and they
they are also going to hit us and tense and
two new ones that are here is the the
fragment of marine priest and these that
they are primary crystals because they are
to make them for me
and as you can see these are the new ones
maps that have got into our version
and they have also added
the rabbit as you can see here bunnies
you can have many with success here
many bunnies bunnies bunnies with
these and a new pet is needed
for our good I do not know if they can
domesticate croc yes to see I'm going to take a
carrot over here must have
let's try a carrot
they follow me bunnies that who they are
now here
more talk about conventionality
and if you can return our pets
we can also reproduce them and
make our box of bunnies the
which will also give us a lot of meat
rabbit
we can also extract their meat
maybe it escapes escapes the escape is
bastard who is
but I did not touch the rabbit to these
look there is the new rabbit meat
with football to which we can cook
and also another novelty in this version
is that now the sheep apart from giving us
wool will also give us what is the
lamb lamb meat look how
can see now they release a wool and a
meat which is very good in case we
more food is needed
and how can you see these are the new
novelties that have been introduced in the
new version of minecraft 1.8 las
which are very good and have changed the
game mode have already done much more
With much more variety, a
new update and good friends this
has been the review of the version of
minecraft 1.8 as you can see the
new features that have been included in this
version there I'm full all rabbits
and well I hope that this video has them
liked it remember to leave your like your
comment and subscribe and your friends the
your project and see you until next